
# dh1.txt

David Holland has created a set of ten challenging levels. I've only solved four of them so far.

David describes the puzzles this way:

"Some of the small puzzles had starting stone positions and solution generated by
the computer program sokgen, but maze and goal positions designed by David
Holland, the author of sokgen. These puzzles are generally pretty hard (David
Holland has trouble solving them :-) and the non-computer-generated puzzles
should be light relief. The puzzles are arranged in roughly ascending order of
difficulty."

For more about these puzzles, visit David's web page.

- Sneezingtiger

# dh2.txt

This is David Holland's second set of 10 levels.
He describes them like this

"There are no computer-generated levels as I am trying to evolve a puzzle-making 
style, and so experimenting with as many different forms as possible. 
Some of the puzzles are very, or slightly, symmetrical as a stylistic device
(in this I am influenced by David W. Skinner's excellent sasquatch puzzle sets).
Others are completely unsymmetrical and the style is in the variations alone.
The puzzles are arranged in roughly ascending order of difficulty."

# Sasquatch.txt

David Skinner released this collection of 50 original levels in January, 1999.
He calls them \"Sasquatch".

The levels are generally of just the right difficulty to be fun: not too easy,
but (usually) not so hard that you get frustrated.

# Mas Sasquatch.txt

"Mas Sasquatch" is the second set of sokoban levels created by
David Skinner. It is the sequel to his Sasquatch levels.
Like the Sasquatch levels, these may be distributed in their original form
as long as they remain free and include David's name and email address.

- sasquatch@bentonrea.com

This set of 50 levels was first distributed in August, 1999.

# yoshio.txt

Yoshio Murase Levels

These sokoban screens were made automatically by computer. Yosio Murase wrote
the program that created these levels and then made the levels available on
<A href="http://www.ne.jp/asahi/ai/yoshio/sokoban/main.htm">his sokoban 
web pages</A>.

For information about the theory behind the creation of these levels, see Yoshio
Murase, Hitoshi Matsubara, and Yuzuru Hiraga 
<A href="http://www.ne.jp/asahi/ai/yoshio/sokoban/pub/pricai96.ps">Automatic 
Making of Sokoban Problems</A>, which was presented at the Pacific Rim Conference on AI in 1996.

These levels are small (no more than 8x8), and contain only 3 stones to push, 
but can be delightfully tricky and surprisingly difficult to solve.

# kenyam

* http://www.geocities.co.jp/Playtown-Domino/7999/soko/skrmc_a.htm

 倉庫番自作面 (My Original Level Data for Sokoban) - Kenyam Set A

My Best : #15, #24
My Favorites (Next Best) : #8, #18, #13, #16, #6, #27, #35, #22, #43, #44
My Not Recommended (may be modified or replaced) : #4, #3, #38

also got a nice skin there.
